Add Biometric data encryption and decryption (#229)
SelfLender/react-native-biometrics: README.md

      console.log('Keys do not exist or were deleted')
    }
  })

ReactNativeBiometrics.biometricEncryptionKeyExists()
  .then((resultObject) => {

>     const { keysExist } = resultObject

Reviewer: Also here, the method name is singular but the property is plural.

      console.log('Unsuccessful deletion because there were no keys to delete')
    }
  })

ReactNativeBiometrics.deleteEncryptionKey()
  .then((resultObject) => {

>     const { keysDeleted } = resultObject

Reviewer: The method name is `deleteEncryptionKey` (singular) but the result property is `keysDeleted` (plural).

Author: Should be all fixed up now.

| encrypted | string | A base64 encoded string representing the encrypted data. `undefined` if the process was not successful. |
| iv | string | A base64 encoded string representing the AES initialization vector. `undefined` if the process was not successful. |
| error | string | An error message indicating reasons why signature creation failed. `undefined` if there is no error. |

__Example__

```js
import ReactNativeBiometrics from 'react-native-biometrics'

let payload = 'hunter2'

ReactNativeBiometrics.encryptData({
    promptMessage: 'Save password',
    payload: payload
  })
  .then((resultObject) => {
    const { success, encrypted, iv } = resultObject

    if (success) {
      console.log(encrypted, iv)
      myStorageApi.set("encryptedPassword", encrypted)
      myStorageApi.set("passwordIV", iv)
    }
  })
```

### decryptData(options)

Prompts the user for their fingerprint or face id in order to retrieve the key from the keystore, then uses it to decrypt the payload with the supplied IV. Returns a `Promise` that resolves to an object with the decrypted data.

> **NOTE: No biometric prompt is displayed in iOS simulators when attempting to retrieve keys for signature generation, it only occurs on actual devices.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: No biometric prompt is displayed in iOS simulators when attempting to retrieve keys for decryption, it only occurs on actual devices.**
```
